WIP: Add Core Concepts (#57592)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cody/core-concepts/context/context-selection.md

<div class="getting-started">
  <a class="demo text-center" target="_blank" href="https://docs.sourcegraph.com/cody/core-concepts/keyword-search">Learn more →</a>
</div>

## Code Search

For more extensive searches, Cody utilizes Sourcegraph's Code Search. This powerful tool allows Cody to search beyond the local files and access non-local code repositories. Using an indexed trigram search, Cody can locate code snippets or relevant information from a broader range of sources.

<div class="getting-started">
  <a class="demo text-center" target="_blank" href="https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search">Learn more →</a>
</div>

## Code Graph

Code Graph involves analyzing the structure of the code rather than treating it as plain text. Cody examines how different components of the codebase are interconnected and how they are used. This method is dependent on the code's structure and inheritance relationships. It can help Cody find context related to your input based on how code elements are linked and utilized.

<div class="getting-started">
  <a class="demo text-center" target="_blank" href="https://docs.sourcegraph.com/cody/core-concepts/code-graph">Learn more →</a>

> </div>

Reviewer: Again, I think we should check this. I don't think the code graph is really used right now.

Author: cc @dominiccooney can you confirm this as well please? 🙌

Reviewer 2: AFAIK, for context fetching today, Sourcegraph servers can do two things for Cody: Embeddings or keywords. When both are available it prefers embeddings ([this code.](https://sourcegraph.sourcegraph.com/github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph@1f60607/-/blob/internal/codycontext/context.go?L149:27-149:44))

That said, the client can experimentally do some code graph based stuff (lib/shared/src/graph-context), more is coming (@olafurpg & co's work) and *eventually* that *could* have some server-side support?

@MaedahBatool Can we make this a bit more abstract about exactly when the graph is used, and whether it is on the client or server? And we can remove the bit about uploading indexes. I am guessing the idea is these are precise indexes? AFAICT they aren't used for Cody context.

## Embeddings

> Cody employs numerical vector representations of both your input and pre-calculated representations of your entire codebase. These embeddings are processed by an LLM that understands the semantic relationships between these vectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cody employs embeddings to find pieces of your codebase that are semantically related to your query. An LLM is used to pre-calculate the embeddings for your codebase so that Cody can quickly find relevant chunks of code.
```

> By comparing the user's input vector with the vectors representing various documents in the codebase, Cody can identify documents that are considered relevant. This method relies on machine learning and semantic understanding to find the context that is not apparent through simple keyword or structural analysis.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph is redundant
